[LILI] Thank you for everything.
(LILI conflicted)
[SOMA] Be sure... to
look after your health.
[LILI] Hmm?
(LILI sniffling)
(HESTIA notice)
[HESTIA] You okay?
(happy) Yeah!
Then let's get going. (beaming)
[HESTIA] Home, sweet home!
Oh. Welcome back, Lili!
(LILI giggle)
It feels good to be home!
[OPENING SONG, "HELLO to DREAM"]
[HESTIA] So whatcha guys think?
[HESTIA] How about we kick
off things with a toast?
[BELL] Um, a.. toast
about what exactly?
[LILI] Winning the
War Game, duh?
[MIKOTO] Or Lady Lili
officially joining us?
[WELF] It's about the
finished renovations, right?
[HESTIA] Yeah, all of that's
important, however...
Are we not forgetting
something else?
Huh?
(excited)
Mm‐hm, mm‐hm.
(clueless) Huh?
Me?
Of course!
Congrats on reaching
level three, Bell!
[ADVENTURER A] No way!
That was fast!
[ADVENTURER B] That's awesome!
[ADVENTURER C] The little
guy's the real deal!
(applause)
[WELF] That's our
captain, for ya!
[BELL] Wha?! Your,
your "Captain"?!
We all decided on you!
You were Lady Hestia's very
first recruit, after all.
That would make you
the most qualified.
Mm‐hm, mm‐hm.
(speechless)
So, Captain...
How about you start off the meal
by doing the toast for us?
(BELL hesitant)
[BELL] Um.. (hesitant pause)
[BELL] I keep thinking
to myself about...
how lucky and grateful I am
that my friends decided to
join our Familia.
So, here's to the
new Hestia Familia!
Cheers!
[WELF] Gotta admit...
this place cleaned up nice.
[LILI] Especially
considering what it looked
like when we got here.
Master Apollo sure had
interesting tastes...
(APOLLO maniacal laughter)
It was unsettling..
to say the least...
[LILI] Master Goibniu's Familia
did great with the remodeling.
As to be expected from the
God of Architecture. And...
He followed all of the
instructions I gave him down
to the very last detail.
[MIKOTO & LILI] So...
[MIKOTO] That means...
[WELF] Wait...
Even the stuff we asked for?
(HESTIA smirk)
[WELF] Whoa..
(BELL excited gasp)
(excited)
(MIKOTO excitement)
[MIKOTO] I'm in Heaven!
[MIKOTO] It's exactly
as I'd hoped!
[MIKOTO] Wait, no..
it's even better...!
[MIKOTO] It has the
traditional wooden tub!
(MIKOTO squeaky glee)
[MIKOTO] Don't mind if I do!
(MIKOTO exaggerated bliss)
(MIKOTO sigh of pleasure)
[MIKOTO] Master Takemikazuchi...
Everyone... I couldn't resist...
I hope you can forgive me...
[WELF] Oh yeah...
[WELF] This'll do just fine.
[WELF] Expected no less
from the Goibniu Familia.
[WELF] They know exactly what
tickles a blacksmith's fancy.
[WELF] This is it...
(WELF content sigh)
[WELF] To new beginnings.
[HESTIA] Seems like they were
pretty excited about everything.
[HESTIA] I'm so happy, Bell!
[BELL] Me too, Goddess!
[LILI] I know you won a lot of
money in the War Game and all..
but isn't this going
a bit overboard?
These renovations look like
they weren't too cheap.
[HESTIA] Think of it this way,
Lili.
Considering that both
Welf and Mikoto
so graciously chose
to join my Familia...
[HESTIA] I needed to make them
feel welcome, ya' know?
[LILI] I get where you're coming
from, but...
Well I like it. Y'know..
renovations aside, it's
very spacious.
[LILI] Don't you think the
upkeep alone is going to be
insane?
[HESTIA] We could always
just hire a live‐in maid
or something?
[BELL] A maid?
That's a great idea!
(LILI & HESTIA notice)
(BELL laughter)
(BELL smile)
(LADIES "Ahh")
[BELL] ("Ahh") (munching)
(BELL nervous laughter)
(HESTIA & LILI unamused)
On second thought..
let's not do that.
Good call.
Huh? Why the change of heart?
There's no way I'm
going to let in
even more competition for
Bell's love under my roof!
I'll have to come up
with a screening process
for new recruits.
Speaking of, I'm invoking
my authority as your goddess
to make your room the
farthest from Bell's.
What?
[LILI] That's an abuse of power!
[DAPHNE] We're leaving! Come on!
[CASSANDRA] I dun' wanna!
(struggling)
[DAPHNE] Quit whining
and get moving!
Let me go! You have
to believe me!
(DAPHNE notice)
(CASSANDRA notice)
[DAPHNE] Little Rookie?
Miss Daphne and
Miss Cassandra?
What are you doing here?
[DAPHNE] What does it
look like we're doing?
[BELL] Uh, I'm not sure...
I...I lost my
pillow! (whining)
Your what?
Don't mind us.
Apparently, she's managed to
lose her favorite pillow...
(CASSANDRA whining)
[BELL] Do you have an idea where
you might have left it?
[CASSANDRA] Um‐well...
I don't remember, but...
(BELL confused)
I had a dream I left it here.
[DAPHNE] Knock it off!
How many times have I told you
to stop it with that nonsense.
Please! You gotta believe
me, just this once!
Wait there. I'll
go take a look!
[CASSANDRA] Huh?
You said it's here,
didn'tcha?
[BELL] Got it. It was
wedged behind a pillar.
[CASSANDRA] Um..
thank you so much...
[CASSANDRA] He.. believed me...
(BELL reaction)
[DAPHNE]
Hmm?
[DAPHNE] Really?
Are you sure?
[CASSANDRA] Mmhmm.
(BELL confused)
We're gonna head out,
but we'll be back soon.
We have a little business to
take care of here tomorrow.
[BELL] Tomorrow?
Wait.. you mean
you don't know?
(BELL confused)
[BELL] Why didn't you
tell me, Goddess?!
(chuckle) So...
I guess that means you
found out.. eh, Bell?
Are you shocked?
Of course I am! You never
recruit new members on your own!
Our Familia's name has
acquired a bit of acclaim ever
since the War Game, ya know?
Can't let this
opportunity go to waste.
Don't you think that maybe
you're rushing into this?
I mean, the three
of us just joined.
Not at all! In fact, now's
the perfect chance for us
to grow and expand!
(BELL amazed)
[HESTIA] The Hestia Familia
is going to climb to the top
of Orario!
[BELL] Th...this is
amazing, Goddess!
(HESTIA overblown cackle)
They won't call us a dinky
little Familia much longer!
[HESTIA] Right, Bell?!
[BELL & HESTIA] Hooray! Hooray!
They're in a
chipper mood, huh.
Well can you really blame them,
I mean look at this turnout.
(CROWD enthusiastic)
[LILI] It's not just humans.
[LILI] Elves, dwarves, animal
people.. even Amazons...
[WELF] A lot of 'em
aren't even adventurers.
[WELF] Don't you think
that's a little odd?
(smirk)
They're from
other cities.
Huh?
Some of these people
have traveled a long way...
just in hopes to join
our lil Familia.
Kinda crazy how our reputation
spread like wildfire, isn't it?
[WELF] What? (baffled)
[WELF] I guess you weren't
joking around when you said
we were getting famous.
Whatcha doin', Lil' Bit?
Considering that these people
could very well become our
allies in the future...
I have to check them out
and make sure they aren't
potentially dangerous.
Wha? Dangerous?
(flirt) (wink)
[LILI] (scream) Absolutely not!
That outfit is obscenely lewd!
Where do you even buy clothes
like that, you harlot?!
(Hm? Sheepish laugh)
(CROWD "awwing")
[LILI] (scream) No no no! No way
[LILI] She'd just distract
us with her adorable,
childlike innocence!
We've got that
trope covered! Grr!
[LILI] Nuh‐uh, We're not doing
that, either! Nope! Go away!
[STRONG GIRL ] Oh?
[LILI] Think of Master Bell!
We don't know what
might happen to him!
We can't trust any
of these tramps!
Oh good grief.
Dear Gods.. what
shameful behavior...
[MIKOTO] I've fallen victim to
the temptation of an early bath
and squandered the morning away!
[MIKOTO] Where are my clothes?!
(MIKOTO ack!) (pain)
(gathering self)
Hmm?
[MIKOTO] "Do not touch"? Is
this Lady Hestia's handwriting?
[MIKOTO] Oh?
"Do not open"...?
[HESTIA] Thank you all
for coming! I am the patron
goddess, Hestia!
(CROWD amazed)
[HESTIA] I'd like to start by
expressing my gratitude to each
and every one of you.
[HESTIA] By choosing my Familia,
it's clear to me that you are
vastly more intelligent than
your average adventurer.
(CROWD amazed/flattered)
And what's...
this about?
Don't have a clue.
[HESTIA] Now then...
I'm dying to see
your fighting spirit!
[HESTIA] Do you want to join us?
In the Hestia Familia?!
[CROWD] YEAH!
[BELL] Huh?!
[HESTIA] Is Goddess Hestia..
the very bestia?!
[CROWD] Yeah!
[HESTIA] Do you think Bell's..
freakin' cute?!
[CROWD] Yeah!
[BELL] Uh‐hey now...!
[HESTIA] Do you love piping
hot Potato Poppers?!
[CROWD] yeah!
[HESTIA] And are pigtails..
the cutest hairstyle!?
[CROWD] yeah!
Guess I'm already used to
dealing with a strange god.
[HESTIA] Let's hear it
‐ Fire Bolt!
[CROWD] Fire bolt!
(CROWD pumped up)
[HESTIA] Okay! Let's get
this party started.
[HESTIA] We'll begin with some
one‐on‐one interviews...
[MIKOTO] Lady Hestia!
(faceplant)
Huh?! Wh..what's
the matter?!
[MIKOTO] I.. I found..
this in a box...!
(HESTIA shock)
[WELF & LILI] Huh? Hmm?
[HESTIA] Gimme that!
(HESTIA sputtering)
[MIKOTO] It's a bill for
two hundred million valis!
[LILI, WELF, BELL] Huh?!
[LILI] Lady Hestia..!
Two hundred million...?
(HESTIA sputtering)
[ADVENTURER D] What'd she say?!
[ADVENTURER E] I could buy
a lot of cheese wheels with
that many valis.
[ADVENTURER A] Who even
spends that much...?
[ADVENTURER F] You
gotta be kidding me.
(HESTIA nervous)
(embarrassment)
(shock)
(appalled)
[HESTIA] Uh‐hey now,
you've got it all wrong!
I amassed this large debt
for a very good reason!
[ADVENTURER D] Wait,
so it's true?
[ADVENTURER E] She
totally admitted it...
[ADVENTURER F]
I am so outta here.
[DAPHNE] Uuh.. what's plan "B"?
Aww... and he's the only
one who believed me.
Uh.. okay fine, I admit,
two hundred million is a lot...
But, uh, yeah...
[HESTIA] Who wants to join
my Familia.... anyway?!
[WELF] Welp, that
didn't last long.
(poke)
Yoo‐hoo!
I don't..
understand...
(WELF notice)
[WELF] That's Lady
Hephaistos' signature.
Huh? Lady
Hephaistos?
[WELF] Oh yeah, right here.
Lady Hestia signed it, too.
[WELF] It definitely looks
official... Yeah, it's real,
all right...
(BELL inverted scream)
(WELF point)
[BELL] That was the price
of the Hestia knife?!
(silently freaking out)
[BELL, internal]
A‐all this time...
[BELL] I've been swinging..
and stabbing..
and fending off attacks with
two hundred million valis...?!
(BELL death screech)
[WELF] H‐hey! Bell! BELL!
[LILI] It's too late!
He's already gone!
[LILI] What is the
meaning of this?!
[HESTIA] (nervous laugh) W‐well,
uh... I'm sorry. The truth is, I
forgot all about it myself...
[LILI] You forgot about two
hundred million valis!
[HESTIA] I know, but...
Hephaistos just takes a cut
of my paycheck, so I don't
really notice.
(HESTIA forced laughter)
(inhale) Sorry..
(LILI exasperated)
[LILI] I'm sure Master
Bell knew you owed
something for his knife.
However..., you should've
at least told him how much!
You traumatized him so badly,
he can't even get out of bed!
(BELL weak moan)
[MIKOTO] And Master Bell
was so looking forward to
recruiting new members...
[HESTIA] Mm‐hmm.
[LILI] Anyway.. do
know how much money
you have left from what
Master Apollo gave you?
(sigh) Yeah, that money?
It's all gone.
[LILI] What?! But
there was so much!
(MIKOTO shock)
Well, the remodeling
ended up being more
expensive than I thought...
But at least.. we have a nice
new home to live in now!
(LILI unamused)
I guess we've got no choice.
It sounds like we'll have to
go back down in the Dungeon.
That's right... We'll have
to take on more quests, too...
Hold on! I was never asking
for your help with it!
[HESTIA] I'm the one who
took the loan. I'm not going
to force my debt on you.
[HESTIA] I'll pay
it back myself!
[MIKOTO] Oh yeah? All two
hundred million?
(HESTIA speechless)
[HESTIA] I can do it!
The cost of that knife is proof
of my undying love for Bell!
[HESTIA] I can't let anyone
else pay it back for me!
Yeah yeah. Calling it "undying
love" won't make it go away.
[HESTIA] Silence!
Either way. I've got
it handled, okay?
The three of you don't
need to worry about it,
so just forget it.
[HESTIA] End of discussion!
[MIKOTO] Where are
you.... going?
[HESTIA] To my room,
okay!? Good night!
(WELF sigh)
[WELF] What do you think?
[LILI] I think she ought to
learn to rely on us a little
more...
(BELL dazed)
[WELF] (notice)
Morning, sunshine.
[BELL] Huh?
[BELL] Welf? Where am I...?
How'bout I fill you in later.
Yeah so hey.. you want a bath?
[BELL] A bath...?
(HESTIA sigh)
[HESTIA] I'm the
worst goddess...
[WELF] Whoa!
[WELF] It's even fancier
than I imagined! Look, Bell!
[HESTIA] Hmm? (curious)
[HESTIA] Bell?
[BELL] You're right..
[BELL] Miss Mikoto has
a good eye for detail.
[WELF] Not that I mind,
but I think she might've
overdone it a bit.
(BELL laughter)
(WELF laughter)
(BELL awkward) (confused)
[WELF] Y'know what... I'm
noticing that adventure's bod'
you've built up, kid...
[BELL] Huh?!
[WELF] You got a lot more
muscle than you used to.
You really filled out!
[BELL] Y‐you think so...?
[HESTIA] Huh?!
[WELF] Yes, I do.
Like here... and here...
[WELF] Oh, and definitely
this! (poking Bell)
[BELL] H‐hey! (laughing)
(HESTIA jealousy)
[BELL] C‐cut it out!
(WELF laughter / horsing around)
[WELF] How much do
you bench, bro?
[BELL] Hey! That tickles!
[MIKOTO] Oh? Uh, Lady Hestia?
[HESTIA] Huh?!
[LILI] What are you
doing over there?
[HESTIA] Shhhh! Be quiet!
[HESTIA] I'm spying.. It's how a
lover shows their true feelings!
(BELL sigh)
[WELF] You look like you're
feeling a lot better.
[BELL] Huh?
You collapsing
had us worried.
[BELL] Oh..
[WELF] It's not worth it to
stress out.. okay?
(BELL smile)
[BELL] Hey Welf.. Thanks a lot..
for joining us in
the Hestia Familia.
[WELF] Hmm? Where did that come
from?
[BELL] I mean.. I just want to
make sure I thank you properly.
And Lili... and Miss Mikoto,
too.
[BELL] I... I'm really happy.
Getting to live together and
share a home with everyone.
[BELL] It's kind of strange,
isn't it? When we first met, I
would've never dreamed things
would end up this way.
[WELF] No kiddin'. I never
would've guessed it, either.
(LILI & HESTIA impact) (pain)
(MIKOTO sigh)
[BELL] Same with Miss Mikoto...
(MIKOTO hm)
[BELL] We first met her when
she dumped all those monsters
on us in the Dungeon.
[WELF](laugh) Oh
yeah, that's right.
[BELL] However.. she's saved me
so many times since then.
[BELL] She went so far as to
leave her own Familia behind
just so she could help me out in
the War Game.
I don't know how I can
ever repay her.
[WELF] Yeah..
[LILI] Oh?
[BELL] Then there's Lili...
[LILI] Huh?!
[BELL] I was a complete stranger
to her, and yet she taught me so
much.
[BELL] I owe it all to Lili
that I was able to become a
real adventurer.
[BELL] She's always by
my side no matter what.
[BELL] She was my very first
friend.
[LILI] (touched) Master Bell...
(HESTIA excited)
[BELL] And of course, my
goddess...
(HESTIA excited!)
[BELL] She's the one who found
me in the first place.
(BELL smile)
[BELL] She's the one who gave me
a place to belong.
[BELL] Ever since I first came
to Orario, she's always taken
care of me.
[BELL] She always says
she's a bad goddess...
[BELL] But to me, she's the best
one ever and the most important
person in my life.
[BELL] It's like everyone is
always doing such nice things
for me...
[BELL] I feel kind
of bad about it...
[WELF] You shouldn't.
[BELL] Huh?
[WELF] I know it might seem to
you like we're always helping
you out but..
you do the same
thing for us, Bell.
Looking out for each other is
what a Familia is all about.
(HESTIA touched/crying)
(LILI & MIKOTO touched)
[HESTIA] I didn't know! Oh Bell!
(cry) MY, BELL! (cry)
[HESTIA] Bell!
[BELL] Goddess Hestia?
[LILI] Lady Hestia!
[BELL] Goddess, what are you‐?!
I'm so incredibly lucky...
to have someone like you, Bell!
[HESTIA] Huh?!
[BELL] Huh?!
[HESTIA] Hey wait!
You two! (struggling)
[MIKOTO] Lady Hestia!
(struggling continues under)
[LILI] Lady Hestia! What on
earth are you thinking?!
[HESTIA] Let me go!
Let me be with my darling Bell!
Ah! No! Just leave us alone!
[HESTIA] I thought I could just
pretend everything was okay.
[HESTIA] But I won't
pretend anymore.
[HESTIA] I'm going to pay the
money back, no matter how long
it takes.
[HESTIA] I'd like everyone's
support. So I'm going to ask for
your help.
[HESTIA] I'm an awful goddess..
And I know I've accumulated a
mountain of debt.
(smile) But can you
stick with me?
(MIKOTO & LILI nod)
(BELL & WELF agree nod) (laugh)
(HESTIA quick giggle)
[BELL] To the Hestia
Familia.. and whatever
adventures awaits us!
[BELL, WELF, HESTIA,
LILI, MIKOTO] Cheers!
[HESTIA] (glug, glug) (phew!)
I was kind of hoping for wine
instead of water...
(doorbell buzzing)
[MIKOTO] Coming! One moment!
[LILI] No, it's too
expensive! From here on out,
[MIKOTO] Can I help you? (shock)
[LILI] I'll be the one in charge
of our budget!
[MIKOTO] Lady Chigusa!? Uhm...
You're just in time.
[MIKOTO] We were about to
sit down to dinner, so if
you'd like to jo‐
[CHIGUSA] Mikoto...
[MIKOTO] Hmm?
[MIKOTO] No... no way...
(thoughtful breath)
[CLOSING SONG,
"Sasayaka na Shukusai"]
[HESTIA] Next time:
"Ishtar Familia."